B® da iii aster
Bank o_e _—

The Committee shall adopt the revised criteria stated above while scrutinizing the
nomination of candidates seeking election as new directors (appointment/re-
appointment). However, existing elected directors may be allowed to complete their
current terms as per the pre-revised criteria.

G. GOI GUIDELINES DATED 25" MARCH 2015 & DATED 20™ JULY 2016

Further as advised by GOI, vide its letter dated 3 September 2013 the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee of the Board may keep in mind guidelines issued by GOI for
Non Official Directors (NOD), while determining “Fit and Proper Status” of the
Shareholder Director also. The GOI has forwarded revised guidelines dated 25™ March
2015 to Public Sector Banks vide its letter dated 28" April 2015 read with amendments
dated 8" July 2016, the gist of which is as under:

a) General

1. Nominations will be made keeping in view the provisions of the relevant

2.

Acts/Rules.

The suitability of nominees may be assessed in terms of formal qualifications and
expertise, track record, integrity etc. For assessing integrity and suitability,
information on criminal records, financial position, civil actions undertaken to
pursue personal debts, refusal of admission to or expulsion from professional
bodies, sanctions applied by regulators and similar bodies and previous
questionable business practices etc. will be relied upon.

b) Experience

Persons with special academic training or practical experience in the fields of
agriculture, rural economy, banking, cooperation, economics, business
management, human resources, finance, corporate law, risk management,
industry and IT will ordinarily be considered. 20 years of industry experience
at a senior position, established expertise in respective areas (successfully led
a reputed organization, brought turnaround in a failing organization) would
be preferred.

Retired senior Government officials with total experience of 20 years and
minimum 10 years of experience at Joint Secretary and above level. Retired
CMDs/EDs of Public Sector Banks after one year of retirement. The ex-
CMDs/EDs will not be considered for appointment as NOD on the Board of
the PSB from which they have retired. Serving CMDs/EDs of PSB will not be
considered as NOD on the Board of any other PSB.

Academicians Directors of premier Management Banking Institutes and
Professors having more than 20 years of experience.

Chartered Accountants with 20 years’ experience (excluding audit
experience) would also be preferred.

However, the experience criteria may be relaxed with the approval of the
Finance Minister in exceptional cases based on merits of the case.
