B® da 2 asler
Bank o_e _—
h) Professional Restriction

The issue of professional restriction vis-a-vis office of profit in any Public Sector Bank
under clause 10(d) of the Nationalized Banks Scheme (Management and
Miscellaneous Provisions) Scheme, 1970 may be separately examined.

i) Regional Representation

Efforts should be made to ensure representation of all the six zones of the country -
North, South, East, West, Central and North-East on the boards of Public Sector
Banks taken together.

H. INSPECTION OF THE REGISTER OF SHAREHOLDERS

The Register of Shareholders will be open for inspection by the Shareholders, at the
Head Office of the Bank with the office of the Assistant General Manager, Bank of
Baroda, KYC-AML Department, Head Office, 7‘ Floor, Baroda Bhawan, R. S. No. 576, RC
Dutt Road, Opp. Centre Point, Alkapuri, Vadodara (Gujarat)-390007 on all working days
from 12 November 2021 to 01% December 2021 (other than Second and Fourth
Saturdays, Sundays and Bank Holidays) i.e., Monday to Friday and first and third
Saturdays between 2.00 pm to 4.00 pm for the purpose of enabling the contestants to
take extracts of any part from the Register of the Shareholders.

If any shareholder requires a copy or computer print of select / part information of the
same shall be supplied to him on payment at the rate of Rs.5/- for every 1,000 words or
fractional part thereof required to be copied.

I. LIST OF SHAREHOLDERS

As provided in Regulation 64 of the Bank of Baroda (Shares and Meetings) Regulations
1998, as amended, a copy of the List of Shareholders (in electronic form) will be
available at the Head Office, Vadodara / Corporate Office, Mumbai of the Bank from
12 November 2021 for purchase by Shareholders on payment of Rs. 50,000/-(Rupees
Fifty Thousand only) by Demand Draft/Pay Order of Scheduled Bank or direct credit in
favor of “Bank of Baroda”. The candidates desirous of purchasing the said list shall have
to give a request letter addressed to Chief General Manager (Operations), Bank of
Baroda, 7‘ Floor, Baroda Bhawan, R.C.Dutt Road, Opp. Centre Point, Alkapuri,
Vadodara 390 007 / The Company Secretary, Bank of Baroda, 7 Floor, Baroda
Corporate Centre, C-26, G-Block, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra East, Mumbai 400051
with an undertaking that the list will be used in canvassing for the election and shall not
be used for any other purpose whatsoever.

J. NOMINATION OF CANDIDATES FOR ELECTION:
The nomination of a candidate for election as a Director shall be accepted provided:
a) In terms of Regulation 65 of the Regulations, he / she is a Shareholder holding not

less than 100 (One hundred) shares of the Bank as on Friday 29" October 2021
being the Specified/Cut-Off Date of reckoning for participation in the election and
